welcome back once again to how to cook
green food if you haven't already please
subscribe to our channel by pressing
that red button okay so we're going to
do our lamb chops now with a massage so
I put it up and touch of oil in there
I'm using some flour we're just going to
start by putting our lamb chops in some
of the fat all of it a little bit of fat
and they put never been sold
about how does now a little bit go
favorite sorry powders you want what I
thought is equal parts like one teaspoon
of cumin coriander to were continued how
that and it hit as much as our masala
powder I'm going to add a little bit of
cinnamon whole cinnamon consuming seems
a couple of just close there since we're
going to cook these for another three
minutes on this side done the flip them
over cook them for another four minutes
on the other side then I'll be back
Celie
okay you can see I'll fit them over
these are not cooked all the way through
far from it yet but we certainly have
given them a nice head start
what's the beautiful flavors in there
some fresh curry leaf you can get me in
- fantastic - the flavor green chilies
red green chili garlic into P 1 teaspoon
off for more now powders either your
favorite curry powder or wipe or the
thing for now since sliced onions - red
onion immunity
I just prefer red or white everyone sits
around mix that garlic and ginger
while I go with a lid I want to kind of
medium to high heat I'll be back here
with five minutes keep an eye on it so
let's jump in now take a look times
onions are starting to cook down nicely
and of course we've added lots more
beautiful flavor now to our lamb chops
next up tomatoes sliced whitefish you
can get the nice ripe tomatoes to
overwrite even if you like can they go
later just on the top now we're not
going to stir these in now keep them on
the top it's going to go back on about
five minutes they should break down
nicely and create a beautiful sauce or
gravy for us if not we might add a
little touch of water but let's see then
I'll be back in five okay let's take a
look let me try and get some steam out
first wise it's gonna steam up the lens
of the camera you won't see a thing
let's try that there you go
fantastic if you see there are quite a
lot of juice happening now these Samaras
have really broken down that's 20
miss mattes they depending on how do see
your Tomatoes are not but these are
pretty pretty good I must admit moisture
but if not just have a little splash of
water in there okay I'm gonna lower the
heat now and with the lid off I'm gonna
cook this just for another five minutes
I'll see you then okay I'll turn that
off now let's reduce down just nicely
just perfect in fact now I'm going to
add fresh coriander and it was a nice
lamb there this really works well some
fresh mint
give that a stir
this is ready to serve hope you enjoy
this don't forget to subscribe to our
Channel with hundreds and hundreds
literally different recipes all around
the world I've been sure that I'm really
gonna tap into this now see you next
time